# SBSPS-Challenge-3503-Optimized-Warehouse-Management-of-Perishable-Goods-for-a-Food-Delivery-Company
Video Link:https://drive.google.com/file/d/14A9yRPz19Z1Ainvq9xwc_9_AsOEcKCxf/view
App APK: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1SZlAMmRLa8qVDkGqrPWk-L9u3KYmyzc0?usp=sharing
This document will be focusing on the problems of a warehouse that delivers perishable food products and how it can be tackled using Machine Learning by making an app and web page interface to help track the demand and stock status. Also, warehouses play a vital role in the storage and transportation of goods across the country. Hence it is of utmost importance that warehouses are maintained properly to ensure the quality of inventory. They play a major role in supply chain management. Warehouse Management Systems or WMS are gaining popularity as they provide ease of operation and increase efficiency. One such aspect of WMS is demand forecasting. In demand forecasting, historical sales data is collected and used to develop an estimate of consumer demand. Demand forecasting helps in decision making, calculating profit margins and also ensures minimum wastage of inventory. The aim of this project is to predict the demand of the goods stored in the warehouse for the next 10 weeks or near future and send alerts about weather to ensure
smooth operations inside and outside the warehouse. The historical sales data about the warehouse is collected which contains attributes like product code, product category,
warehouse id, the date, current stock of the product, its demand for that day, and the stock margin. This data undergoes cleansing and wrangling to make it fit for use. Some redundant columns are removed from analysis. ARIMA model is used for forecasting and fairly accurate predictions are made. This forecasted data can be accessed through an android application which is built on the MIT app inventor.
